Add v5 guide for PRs by Erika (#9404)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v5.mdx

You may also wish to update your supported features with the new `limited` option and include a message about your adapter's support.

> ```ts title="my-adapter.mjs" del={1-5} ins={7-11}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts title="my-adapter.mjs" del={2-5} ins={7-10}
```

supportedAstroFeatures: {
  assets: {
    supportKind: "stable",
    isSharpCompatible: true,
    isSquooshCompatible: true,
  },
  sharpImageService: { 
    support: "limited",
    message: 'This adapter supports the built-in sharp image service, but with some limitations.'
  }
}
```

<ReadMore>Read more about [specifying supported Astro features in an adapter](/en/reference/adapter-reference/#astro-features).</ReadMore>

### Removed: Deprecated definition shape for dev toolbar apps (Dev Toolbar API)

<SourcePR number="11987" title="Remove deprecated dev toolbar app shape"/>

> Previously, the `addDevToolbarApp` method inside integrations allowed defining an app by using the `addDevToolbarApp(string);` signature and then in the entrypoint of the toolbar app, the default export would have the `id`, `title`, and `icon` properties to define the app.
> 
> This shape was deprecated in Astro 4.x and has now been fully removed in Astro 5.0, in favor of a new shape that's more intuitive and allows Astro to provide better errors when toolbar apps fails to load correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro 4.x, when building a dev toolbar app, it was still possible to use the previously deprecated `addDevToolbarApp(string);` signature. The `id`, `title`, and `icon` properties to define the app were then made available through the default export of the app's `entrypoint`.

Astro 5.0 completely removes this option entirely in favor of the current object shape when defining a dev toolbar app in an integration that's more intuitive and allows Astro to provide better errors when toolbar apps fail to load correctly.
```
